# CS-330
CS-330 stuff
1.	How do I approach designing software?
  •	What new design skills has your work on the project helped you to craft?
    o	Everything I've learned this semester with the exception of basic programming syntax has been new. I never anticipated learning OpenGL and the experience has been challenging but learning how to model, texture, and light a 3D scene from        scratch has been very satisfying.
  •	What design process did you follow for your project work?
    o	For my project work it honestly felt very much like a waterfall type of design process. Every week we would add a new facet but there wasn't really time to go back and redo large sections of the project. There was time to add details           here and there or tweak something that didn't quite work correctly. I think if I had the opportunity to take the class again I would probably dedicate more time to my assignments so that I would have more time to go back and fine tune          individual steps.
  •	How could tactics from your design approach be applied in future work?
    o	Using a waterfall style of design did however allow me to produce something functional at the end of the allotted time. Because I was very much working against the clock I made decisions to move on when something was good enough because        I knew how much more I needed to get done in the time given. If I was given more time I likely could have produced a better final product but it would have been late. So in a way the waterfall method allowed me to make objective                decisions about what was vital.
2.	How do I approach developing programs?
  •	What new development strategies did you use while working on your 3D scene?
    o	During the creation of my 3D scene, I used incremental progress and constant testing. I broke down harder tasks, like lighting and texturing, into smaller, more manageable parts and tested every change looking for positive changes. This        approach made the project less overwhelming and allowed me to focus on understanding each piece before moving on to the next.
  •	How did iteration factor into your development?
    o	Iteration played a key role in my development process. While I didn't have time to go back and redo large portions of the project, I did tweak areas that needed refinement. This iterative approach helped me slowly improve the quality of        my work while staying within the project timeline.
  •	How has your approach to developing code evolved throughout the milestones, which led you to the project’s completion?
    o	My approach to code development has become more structured and disciplined over the course of the class. Initially the milestones were not terribly challenging however as time went on I felt myself falling behind and very quickly               realized that I had not given myself enough time to fully understand the content for the week before attempting to put it into practice. Going forward I will be more careful to give myself enough time to understand potentially                  challenging content.
3.	How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
  •	How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future educational pathway?
    o	Computational graphics and visualizations have provided me with a strong foundation in understanding how visuals can be created, manipulated, and optimized. While I am not a game design major I know that computational graphics can be           useful in many disciplines and I will likely utilize these skills again in the process of finishing my degree. Also, these skills may not necessarily be applicable to my desired professional course but may prove useful in UI design.
  •	How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future professional pathway?
    o	Computational graphics and visualizations are incredibly useful for people going into game development and virtual reality. I personally don't plan to enter either of those fields however I would imagine that a basic understanding of           OpenGL is likely very useful for creating user interfaces and if nothing else it's a skill learned that allows me to more effectively communicate with peers who may be doing computational graphic based work.
